x = new information should be believed, n=18
the robot put it on the table x
I really don't know, it is 50/50 that it is or isn't so it is a guess. 
At this point in time I am suspending a belief as to whether the magazine or the book on the table. I simply do not know so I did not commit to a belief. I certainly believe that it is possible that the book is on the table, but I do not believe that it is with certainty.
The robot completed the task of moving the book to the table. x
Robot said that it has completed the given task of keeping the book on the table. x
The robot reported that it completed the task of putting the book on the table. x
If the magazine is on the table, the book is not.
I believe that book is on the table. x
yes robot say that book on the table x
I told the ro to to put it there
Regardless of whether the book was originally on the table, the robot has either left the book on the table or placed the book on the table. x
I believe the robot has put the book on the table as asked x
After the robot performed his task it's the only possibility. x
The robot reported the book was on the table. x
I told the robot to put it up there if it's not already and they said the task was completed. x
I told the robot to put the book on the table and it completed the task so the book should be on the table. x
Robot completed the task which suggest it put the book on the table. 
The robot put the book on the table if it was off the table. 
I told the robot to put the book on the table if it wasn't already there and it reported back the task was completed x
I told the robot to put the book on the table and he said he did his job. x
The robot put it there x
sister must have put it back
It is possible that the book was off the table, but was put onto the table by the robot. x
either one is on the table
Either it was initially or it is now
The robot says that it's there
The robot put the book on the table x
The robot was given the task of putting the book on the table if it wasn't already there. x
It was either already on or the robot moved it on
I would assume that the robot is liekly to have carried out the requested duty
