x = transition to old information from new is possible, or give a possible scenario for such a transition (n = 15)
Someone told you they took them off the table x
I would believe that somebody took them off so impossible is not possible. x
This scenario seems like a very straightforward one and I think that it is entirely possible that a book and a magazine we're taking off the table.  I believe that this is a simple scenario that is something that is subject to revision in a plausible way. x
There is nothing impossible about the scene x
no one can take the book and magazine out so it is impossible to believe. x
It is very possible that somebody took the books off the table, so nothing impossible would have to be believed.  x
I have no reason to think they're lying.
I think both book and magazine is not on the table.
someone takes the book x
This question is confusing
It is possible that both could be removed from the table and beliving that both were removed does not contradict anything I currently believe as impossible.  x
It is very likely someone took them off the table x
There is no information that would stop me from thinking someone took both off the table. x
Anything is possible in this scenario. I don't see a reason to think otherwise. x
I was not given anything impossible to believe .x
If they told me they took them off the table then I would believe they were off the table.x
There is nothing impossible to believe, if someone took them off.x
Nothing impossible would have to occur for somebody to move the book and magazine.
No if I received word that someone removed them both I have not reason not to believe it  
I would just think I was mistaken about the book and magazine being on the table. 
That they are on the table
someone from coworker may have taken it 
I would not have to continue holding onto my belief that the book and magazine were still on the table. It is entirely probable that they were both removed.  
Both are taking
Nothing contradictory happens 
It's very possible that someone removed them without me knowing 
somebody took them both off the table 
There's nothing impossible implied here. Of course somebody could have taken them both off.
There's nothing impossible about moving items x
There are many other reasons why this may have occured, and there is a possibility that one or both could still be ont he table
