x = both situations mean the same thing, n=12
"Not the case...off the table" and "ensured both are on the table" mean the same thing x
Because you have learned different things from each different situation.
In the second scenario I believe something slightly different in that it is possible for one book to remain on the table oh, wow in the first scenario I learned that books books are on the table.  While my belief may be changed in scenario 2, I haven't yet learned the truth so I believe two different things.
My sister has confirmed them to be in the state that I thought they were in.
She will change the things and keep it at different place may be either on or off the table.
Both situations imply that the magazine and book would still be on the table after my sister cleaned. x
Not being off and being on are the same thing. x
I believe that my sister cleaned and take off the book and magazines.
my sister say cleaned the place
I believe what she says 
The final state of both has the book and the magazine on the table. x
My sister stated the books are off the table, not on
She performed a different task in S1 and S2. In S1 the book and magazine is on the table. In s2 the opposite. Therefore different beliefs. 
In both situations I'm told both items are on the table.
In one scenario I was ensured the items were on the table and in the other it was the opposite.
I believe what my sister has said in both situations. x
They can't both be off and on the table together.
Both situations have the book and magazine being not off the table. 
They are the same situations just a little different wording but I would take her word that she either removed them or didn't x
At first I believe the magazine and book were on the table but then my sister told me they were not on the table.
In one they are both on the table but in the second only one is
she might removed it and then after making use of it she might put it back
Neither the book nor the magazine were moved off the table in either case, so if I believe my sister, then I believe the same things in both cases. x
nothing on the table
They mean the same thing x
In both scenarios I learn that my sister has ensured that the book and magazine are on the table, it just seems like different wording x
It is not the case that either the magazine or the book is off the table.
Both situations say that both items are on the table after cleaning. x
Being on the table and not being off the table are the same things. x
I would go by what she said and assume that the book and magazine were on the table x
