x = one light is on, if the other is on, due to both sharing the same switch -> connection to U6 -> both updates lead to the other, n=18
The lights work on the same switch, so if one is on the other is on x
I would think that neither impacts the other, so my belief would not change in the fact that one was chosen instead of the other.  
Whatever the person had told me does not fundamentally change what I anticipate the light switch to do and what I understand about the world.  I really don't believe that it would be impossible for a person to turn on the light switch or that this changes anything about how I see the reality of the world.
Both lights are connected and function together so nothing would change about how I see the world. x
both the light has the same switch so it is easy to believe that if one turn on other also turn on automatically. x
Both lights use the same switch so they would put the world into the same state regardless of which switch was flipped. x
the location of the light wouldn't impact my belief
I believe because the bedroom light is outside of the room.
someone told you that they turned on the light to your bedroom
They share the same switch x
Since both are controlled by the same switch, the states of both (assuming light bulbs are working) are the same at all times. x
the light switch controls both lights, so both come on when the switch is turned on 8
Without evidence of a broken light if one is on the other is on. 
The light switches are connected. x
Both lights share the same switch. x
It makes no difference which light is turned on they both are connected  x
When one is on so is the other. 
They are on the same switch so they must both be either on or off. x
One switch controls both lights so whenever you flip it on or off its going to be the same in the bedroom as outside x
The light switch works both my bedroom light and the outside light, so if one is on the other is on. x
As they are both on the same switch both must either be on or off x
because lights are interconnected x
Both lights are connected to the same switch, so if one light is on then the other must be on as well. x
i turned on the light
Bedroom light on entails outside light on
The two are connected so it's impossible to turn on one without the other, so knowing one is on allows me to know the other is also on
Both the light outside and the light in your bedroom share the same switch. x
The switch turns both lights on. Therefore it doesn't matter which light goes on. It means both lights go on.
Both lights are on the same switch
The status of the bedroom light would be unlikely to have a substansial effect on anyone.  
