x =  new information should be believed, n = 23
If she takes the magazine it's not on the table anymore x
If she had said she had taken the magazine to read, then it is off the table. x
In this case I would certainly believe that the magazine was off of the table because my coworker told me that she hadn't taken it and at least what was presented in this scenario she did not indicate that she put it back on the table. x
The co-worker took the magazine from the table. x
Coworker had taken only the book so magazine was only on the table. x
She would have taken it off the table when she took it. x
She said she took the magazine so I have no reason to think she's lying.
I believe that magazine is on the table.
"
The co-worker told you he picked up the magazine" x
Because it was my initial belief
If she had taken the magazine it would no longer be on the table.  x
both were on the table, but the coworker has removed them x
According to what my coworker said the book and magazine are independent of each other. x
It's what I was told. x
I have no reason to think the magazine is not on the table unless someone told me they moved it. x
If she told me she took the magazine to read I would believe it is now off the table.
Assuming both were there from the beginning I would assume she got it from the table.
The magazine was on the table unless changed. 
I know the magazine was on the table so if she didn't take it and took the book instead I would believe its still there. If she came and told me she took the magazine instead I would believe that it was now gone from the table. 
If she took the magazine, then it is no longer on my table because she has it. x
in either case the coworker either left or took the magazine x
because coworker has confirmed it x
I would have no evidence to believe that the magazine was off the table until my coworker specifically told me that it was. x
Due to take the magazine from the table x
The coworker took the magazine off the table x
I have no reason to doubt what my coworker says x
coworker has taken the book for reading x
If the coworker said she had taken the magazine, it would no longer be on the table. x
IF she took the magazine it still wouldn't be on the table, but if she took the book the magazine should still be there x
I woukd assume the she was currently using or holding the magazine and did not return it yet x
