x = "one of the situations has the mug not on the table", n = 10. -> connection to U8 -> explained by Kraus Lehmann and Magidor
One of the situations the robot can tell you is whether the mug is on the table or not, which means there is a small chance your memory is wrong x
It is really a toss up. In two of the three states the mug is on the table so the chances are higher it is. x
Because I distinctly remember that the mug is on the table in my office, I do not believe that it is possible that the mug is not on the table. Even though the second state was that as a possibility and the robot reported one of the three states is the true state, the only uncertainty was the briefcase, not the mug.
Memory can be faulty and it's one of the 3 true statements from the robot. x
Because i can remember exactly that i kept mug on the table there was only confusion about the briefcase.  x
The robot may have taken it off because that was one of the cases it could make it be. x
One of the options is the mug is not on the table and the robot may have set it to that. x
I believe that the mug and briefcase is on the table. I surely remember that it should be in my office because i used to bring the mugs and briefcase daily to the office.
"
I remember putting the mug on the table"
Because t by e robot could HD ave j ut st put the briefcase 
One of the states has the briefcase on the table while the mug is not and it is possible that the robot chose this state which would have the mug not on the table. x 
I believe that the robot could follow directions effectively, but it had 3 choices
I have no way to know if he put the briefcase on the table and not the mug. Therefore it is possible.  x
You could have not left it on the table or the robot could have removed it.
Someone could have moved it to the third state. x
I know where the mug is.
I specifically remember the mug being on the table in the office.
My memory may be faulty.
Because though I may not remember exactly where the briefcase is I do remember putting the mug on the table in my office. 
A mug would not go on the floor because it could get knocked over or stepped on.
There is  a situation where the mug in on the floor
because you left mug on the table
I specifically remember that the mug was on the table, so it must be one of the other two states.
The mug on the table because i have memory.
One of the three possible states x
The robot may have put the briefcase on the table and removed the mug
 Because both the mug and the briefcase are on the table. 
You may have forgotten where you placed the mug, and the robot is allowed to come back saying "the briefcase is on the table and the mug is not"
One of the states has the mug not on the table x
Based on memory, it is the most logical possibility
